Chutang said he would not marry
roll
Hahahahaha neuropathy hahaha
Dare to talk to Chen Shao like this
Do you know who Mr. Chen is?
I don't care who he is
What are you?
I can reunite you with your brother with just one word
I'll tell you what.
Chen Shao is not only the heir of the Chen Group
He is also the godson of the head of the Zhonghai Branch of the Hero Club
Heroes
When is the hero
The dogs below are so arrogant
Luming, Luming, stop talking
Chen Shao Luming has gone completely crazy
Stop talking to him
I promise to bring Lee out of court
Carry to your bed
Hahahaha
Money, your family is so affectionate
Then kill it
You are not allowed to touch him
Spending 10 million on this book to marry you little bitch
Give you face
Chen Hao, I am Lu Ming's fiancee
Absolutely impossible to marry you
Okay, you little bitch is pretending to be a chaste martyr here, right?
Lose him today
Play you to death in front of him